gh-146581: Update docs for dangerous filenames in ZIP files (#149994)
python/cpython: Doc/library/zipfile.rst

      Never extract archives from untrusted sources without prior inspection.

>       It is possible that files are created outside of *path*, e.g. members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      It is possible that files are created outside of *path*, for example, members
```

      The :class:`Path` class does not sanitize filenames within the ZIP archive. Unlike
      the :meth:`ZipFile.extract` and :meth:`ZipFile.extractall` methods, it is the
      caller's responsibility to validate or sanitize filenames to prevent path traversal

>       vulnerabilities (e.g., absolute paths or paths with ".." cmponents). When handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      vulnerabilities (for example, absolute paths or paths with ".." components). When handling
```
Latin abbreviation here too, and a typo.
